Araki said to heal his two fingers I
won't be able to follow Hanukkah as red
said he would I died I died like I
thought in those flashes there were
little flashes between sanjo Kihara and
Hanukkah but the end of the day there
was so many flashes upon a college test
I was just like yo this is the man's
motivation right now is just so classic
so much fanservice had not fanservice in
the traditional way that I was talking
about with episode 1 kind of fanservice
with Sookie on fanservice that we're
getting so much of the expansion on the
characters we know and love and just
seeing some classic elements about them
seeing you know how far some of their
traits that we've grown to love go like
for example I've seen a side functional
who this episode that was just amazing
like I knew she was that proud but to
see her literally driven to tears by her
pride as she's trying to justify how
cagonu we you know stood on top of her
she's like crying she looks so good you
know I love his shop and I was fanboy so
hard over and over this whole episode
but just seeing that stat passive that's
how far her pride was I know she's
powerful but that's amazing too much
like you know the riding this episode
the pacing once again the visual was
just absolutely amazing as always what
else do you expect just crazy shit going
on frame by frame and there's throwing
that's just completely out of this world
like oh my god Sookie monogatari episode
2 of course just another review of me
fanboy let's get into some of the more
formal aspects of the episode so rocky
now it's confirmed that his vampiric
side is progressing basically as you
know Sookie and Colin we explained it
and you kind of know who's coming in it
seems like basically through shadow
who's out lighting pretty much
everything I thought was an after what's
happened like guying was somehow
involved through it via the message he
sent because of course she knows
everything she said the message first um
in getting in touch with Kaabah nuit
between our egg and colony so she comes
back she's with us again we see how you
to give relates to this arc and how how
many do is really relating I mean how
are are is relating to know Sookie and
basically
is like yo you've been using your
vampire powers too much and that's why
you are kind of progressing into more of
a vampiric state and this whole word
discrepancy between is healing and
everything that's put out you see is
affected by sunlight now and basically
what I thought was happening is
happening showing more of his vampire
traits but the destination that he is
because he relied on the healing power
too much that he was always trust her
into that state because he needed to
fuck you up in yeah
do take took minutes one of the most
battle damaged characters of anything is
calling me under irani
Khloe Maharaja has been battle damage to
the entities his heart has been crushed
for God's sake so dude yes has been
having the last six months of this of
his timeline he has been relying heavily
on his vampiric abilities but I kind of
think the explanation is half as it
makes sense within the world of motive
Atari and it's it's fine but I'm just
like okay so this account is how is this
gonna give us more exposition into it so
you know because right now I'm loved I'm
loving I'm just loving having her back
honestly she's not one of my all-time
favorites of the girls and just to give
you an idea because I said I'd do a top
five I will but to give you an idea of
who my best girls are in this series you
know who is in at number one I love
black Sonic our specifically not Honokaa
although it go all goes into one so I
love Hanukkah as well and send yoga Hara
a little bit more than a comment so
those are tied for number two and then
you have kombu and my oi in that mix and
then you have fire sisters and then you
know fucking what's your name
because what's her name dude it's
blanking on me right now not a co not
ago so yeah that's kind of how it goes
not factoring any of the Ghostbusters
into that um in terms of you know dying
or kind of new E but yo Cee she's kind
of the bothers have been two other main
girls the apparition set that we have
presented to us on she know who she's
a champion for me so it's a it's a crazy
interaction between them and seeing that
class interaction with them but she I
still loved her nonetheless and she's
coming in love with that yay like I'm
just like oh my god
fanservice is heavy is beautiful seeing
her in the crane machine and everything
like that that whole scene was awesome
just the fucking visuals with that the
playground around is just like a fucking
colorful castle and Shinobu appears in
that black dress I'm just like oh my
goodness this is amazing
I'm loving this so far is shaping up to
be a great arc as all way I expected
nothing less for monogatari and right
now just based on these two episodes I'm
not it's not one of my favorites because
there's just so many good arcs there's
so many good arcs but it's good like
even the worst book Atari isn't the best
shit for me like I've just found one I
crazy I know I can't really find too
much Fault in this episode it was great
even that and I forgot to mention with
that with last episode um because I I
kind of ended early before and didn't
see the senior Karn Burson and fucking
destroys our oggi and 2p4 tha that shit
basically the mirror image of what
happened with the toothbrush scene I'm
just like this is fucking hilarious they
almost kiss and whatnot he's like
seriously at home like this the
fanservice is real right now son that
needs him on a guitar level but instead
of the blast was with with this with
Sugimoto guitar right now I'm just
loving seeing my favorite characters
back I'm going in it's great that we get
to see cagonu and you were to get
together we haven't seen comedy in a
minute as I thought we're not gonna see
kaikki even though pikeys one of my
favorite characters overall and this in
each other team but we just saw me a
little with the beard is looking how I'm
gonna guitar so I mean I can see that
and you know it doesn't seem like it's
gonna come back hopefully I think the
next time we'll see you know is in
koihime emotive guitar because of course
you know and keys monogatari they're
going when they finally released the
movie they're going to go it's going to
go back to the back story with our unki
and when you first meet to kiss shot and
all of that so definitely don't you know
they're um but I don't think he's gonna
come back and start guy really wants the
ocean I've been waiting for so long to
see some more ocean oh so let me know
your thoughts on this episode I haven't
seen episode 3 obviously I really want
to go watch it right now I'm so gonna do
that record the review
really just straight-up marathons all
right now and I'm loving it so far the
music is great we got some great classic
soundtrack songs um that have been in
the past seasons coming back we got some
new tracks pictures fit ambiance
perfectly I'm just seeing this
exposition you sides and new little
tidbits of information on it like how
the vampiric ability works in terms of
our occasional loose relationship seeing
I'm there getting your Sookie back yes I
mean like your to your energy like she's
such she hasn't had as much development
as the rest of the cactus yeah she was
in a bit of money guitarist second
season you know but even oh he has had a
similar amount of time of screen time as
the OTP so yes he's really getting built
with this art more so and I want to see
how they really tie that in what are you
gonna do in terms of because they're
like you can resolve this by not relying
on your vampiric abilities more I wonder
if they're gonna further that and be
like you have to sever the tie we should
know who's something like that I
seriously doubt that he already would do
that anyway
um but based on his appearance hahnemann
guitar we know it all works out anyway
so I just need to watch the next episode
I need to see what happens but and when
I crazy of that moment guitar greatness
I don't want else to say formal aspects
of it were we're just exactly where I
suspect it's not like shaft is gonna
slack on this this is another guitar
it's always amazing so yeah let me know
your thoughts and I'll see you the next
review peace